What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository it creates a rnew folder that can hold all of the meta data of your files
You need to initialize one so your file system is ready to accept all of your commits

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a place for you to put a collection of items that you want included in the commit. 
You may have files in a directory that you do not want included in your commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change? 

You can make sure that only one line at a time is in the staging area comparing your working directory to the staging area

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

FOr different difficulties of games, making variations that serve different functions. Branches can help by 
not making you commit your master copy to variation

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

It helps you to see the relations to which commits you are using. It makes a visial representation of how you can alter your repository

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result is being able to add new features to the previos working product. Could be fixing bugs in software or anything
We want to make sure we understnad how the merge takes place so we dont merge improperly

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

When Git does it automatically, it organizes everything and checks for redundnacies



Commands --

git status - status of working directory and staging area
git add file-name - add file to the staging area to submit a commit
git reset  ?? reset -- hard ?? clear the staging area
git commit -- after the add command to create a new commit
git branch  - tells which branch you are on
git branch branch-name - creates a new branch named branch-name
git checkout branch-name - checkout a new branch and start working on a new feature
git log - see commits for current branch
git log --graph --oneline master coins - see commits for the branch you are on and preceeding 
git show 'commit_id' -- after a merge, you have two different branches in hierarchical order, i.e. the branch above or below a certain commit will not the parent.
				if you want to see the difference between the commit and its parent this command will automatically compare the id to its parent commit. 
--!! MERGE COINS BRANCH INTO MASTER - i.e. take a feature a program (master) then create a new feature (coins) and you want to 
add coins INTO the MASTER program to add in the new feature
git merge 'master' 'coins' -- we added the branch  coins into the master copy
git branch -d (-d = delete) coins (this deletes the coins branch becuase it has been merged into the master. )















